hi guys mark here with Walters world and
we're in Rome Italy Roma the Eternal
City and today's video is the top 10
cruise ship destinations in Europe now
cruising around Europe has become more
poppin last few years we thought we'd
give you guys an idea of what you should
check out because I know there are a lot
of tour packages out there not sure you
do the Mediterranean one should we go to
the Baltics should we do a mix of
everything and this is going to be this
is our top 10 cruise ship destination
video to help you out to decide which
towns you should go to now the first
town on our list is Rome
okay now run Brazil release it on the
coast but
allow the crucifix parked right outside
of the City Dock right outside of the
city and you come in for a day trip guys
it's beautiful here you get the Coliseum
behind me you have Saint Peters in the
Vatican the Vatican Museums for the
greatest museum in the world you have
the Pantheon you have trevi fountain
make sure you throw your coin in there's
so much to see and do here in Rome that
really at a top 10 list we have our own
stuff visiting Rome you should really
check it out that's the first the cruise
ship towns you definitely check out Rome
number two our list is Barcelona Spain
first of all no with the Gothic district
and La Rambla the kind of pedestrian
walkway with all the buskers are the
home of gaudi maybe you've seen this
crazy-looking church called la sagrada
familia is there there's amazing
architecture probably the best nightlife
in europe they're really fun place to go
okay number three on our list is one let
a lot of people go to is become a lot
more popular last few years there's
Dubrovnik Croatia this walled city a
little juts out into the seat literally
it looks like a postcard when you're
there it looks actually better than the
postcards with the walls you can walk
around and stuff walking through the old
town and everything if you care but it's
a little hilly but it is beautiful there
number four on our list let's have the
check out on your cruise ship is
Amsterdam
whether you're going there for the
red-light district in the coffee shops
or the reeks museum or the Anne Frank
House are just riding some smaller boats
through the canals Amsterdam really has
a lot for everyone a lot to offer for
everybody not just people that are
looking to smoke up and see prostitutes
it actually is a very cultured city lots
of restaurants lots of stuff going on
there well worth checking out number
five on our list is my old stomping
grounds Lisbon Portugal
I live there for five years lots and
lots of cruise ships come through there
and for good reason
great weather we have beaches right
there you have the Blaine district with
a monastery there and the tower of
Elaine and these special Patriots you
get their castle - well Costello the st.
george castle upon the hill the old
district great nightlife you know great
seafood all kinds of stuff there so
number font is Lisbon number six on our
cruise ship destinations is stockholm
sweden now stockholm is my favorite
museum there is the Vasa Museum it faces
huge ship they built that actually sank
on its maiden voyage at the voyage a
couple hundred years later they drug it
out of the drag it out of the sea and
put it back and made a museum out it
very cool obviously it's also the
capital of Sweden so the royal residence
there is very cool you're walking off
with all kinds of canals really a
beautiful place very safe very expensive
very staid people are very nice well
we're checking out number 7 on our list
is Tallinn Estonia
a lot of people don't get up in that
part of the woods on their cruise ships
around the traps here but it's well
worth it I lived in Lithuania for three
and a half years and worked in Estonia
Latvia Lithuania and honestly of all of
the three capitals their town is
probably the coolest one and Fort rusev
destinations it is one of those cool
cities you go to that not a lot of your
friends have checked out the old town
there is amazing it's so well-preserved
okay
they have one of the funnest you can go
eat at a restaurant that's basically
everything's from the 1400s called olde
hansa every time we went there for work
I always had to eat there they have
actually one of the was at one time the
tallest building in the world
five hundred years ago Katie the KGB
museum there is pretty cool there's all
kinds of really great stuff right on the
sea so it's really kind of a cool place
to check out number eight on our list is
Athens Greece
and we've all seen the pictures of the
Acropolis and the Parthenon and
everything the Acropolis of the hill
parthenons up on the top you have them
most rocky district you have a crop list
museum that's there it has all the kind
of relics and ruins from the Acropolis
you have the National Archaeological
Museum which is even better than the
Acropolis Museum
you know the massive Agamemnon and all
kinds of great stuff there it's great
place to even get basically you're going
to be there to explore other parts of
Greece number nine on our list is Venice
Italy
grand canal the city of canals the
island city whatever you want to call it
it is beautiful go down the Grand Canal
you walk over the rialto bridge you go
to piazza san marco and you see the the
bell tower and the st. mark's basilica
it is truly amazing there's great
artwork there but actually just take it
in the city wine and around it is
beautiful and number 10 on our list is
st. Petersburg Russia now this one
sometimes gets a little more complicated
because you get to be so for lots of
people to go there but it is well worth
it the Winter Palace did though the
hermitage museum there that is great
they have one museums called the like
anthropology at the knowledge museum
they have you know the two-headed
fetuses and stuff like that I went there
a few years ago and was just freaked out
but very cool town
it's huge there you look on your map and
it seems like oh that's close no no then
you have to look your map oh that little
thing which in a normal book is like 500
meters it's like 2 kilometers there but
the city has so much to offer really
good food really a good time great party
atmosphere be careful with the delizia
there I've had some problems with them
there before but overall it's a great
place to check out now there's a lot of
other good towns you can check out when
you're they having Porto Portugal nice
and France Marseille you can go to
Copenhagen there's all kinds of great
cities to go into Park when you're on
your cruise but these are my 10 favorite
been to all Walter's role we've been to
all these places and we highly recommend
every single one so once again our list
for our top 10 cruise ship destinations
one Rome Italy to Barcelona Spain 3
Dubrovnik Croatia for Amsterdam the
Netherlands number 5 Lisbon Portugal
number 6 Stockholm Sweden number 7
Tallinn Estonia
number 8 Athens Greece number 9 Venice
Italy and number 10 st. Petersburg
Russia now we have videos on pretty much
all these towns and this basically
you're going to be traveling to Europe
you're going to go to some of these
towns we have more videos talking about
things you should see things you're
going to love and hate about these
places on our website
w-w-whoa is world
and you'll have a great time on your
cruise don't worry about it but these
are our favorite cruise ship
destinations so ciao from Rome Italy